Kazi Goines or AK how's it going man
fine alright how old are you dude you
know I want to get one I want to get to
know you before we before we get in and
really really take charge and rob a bank
together you know thank you
oh that's great dude I'm fourteen but
listen my mom just bought me this game
this is gonna be the shit I mean I'm
gonna hit ready man you guys ready I've
been literally just like smacking off
watching trailers on YouTube like for
years all right
I want I want Batman getting the drill
set up I'll cover the left flank and
then I want zorak to cover the back okay
guys break all right blue 42 okay know
what I'm saying
all right I'll get the rope I'll take
care of the the helicopters are there
helicopters in this game I'm down I need
a rest you're alive I'm like I'm just
gonna take a wild guess that I'm going
down
hey what's jealous MMR if you didn't
hear me I don't know how do you not know
your MMR is dude here go to
speedtest.net and tell me what your IP
is and I'll be able to calculate your M
alarm yeah yeah right now I just want to
know it's like this is easy miss I'm
normal I'm and I'm carrying all of you
so yeah go ahead and alt-tab I'm kidding
don't do that don't do that I feel so
awful right now but I don't even fucking
care rez me they're actually helping me
up I'm just so surprised I'm being
honest
I got a $10,000 oh hi sweets come on
guys this way no this way I'm famous
come on this way I'm the best
no I'm faint this way sniper sniper
oh my Lancer come back inside
I mean dude I'm famous all right so
let's get Batman in the game of me
I fell Raz me Oh Batman
damn it rez me shut up Batman recipe
it's fine I got it I'm a resume resume
Batman man up grappling hook let's go oh
fuck that shit
hyena rez
get in the corner Batman shut up I'm the
best
okay I'm carrying this team Oh coke
$100,000 Jesus Christ oh fuck this shit
there are none dead come on Batman I'm
watching you buddy don't fuck this up
that's way too many cops holy fucking
shit
all right grab yourself a beverage y'all
hop if you wanna just pass to my
memories the evidence as they say is in
the product so show me the money like my
name is Cuban
let's go old school big spoon is my
mom's a boy I keep it poppin like a
needle in a new balloon